README.md, before:

[![ Logo OpenStudioLandscapes ](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes/raw/main/media/images/logo128.png)](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes)

***

1. [Feature: OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing](#feature-openstudiolandscapes-syncthing)
   1. [Brief](#brief)
   2. [Install](#install)
   3. [Configure](#configure)
      1. [Default Configuration](#default-configuration)
2. [Community](#community)

***

This `README.md` was dynamically created with [OpenStudioLandscapesUtil-ReadmeGenerator](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapesUtil-ReadmeGenerator).

***

# Feature: OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing

## Brief

This is an extension to the OpenStudioLandscapes ecosystem. The full documentation of OpenStudioLandscapes is available [here](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes).

> [!NOTE]
> 
> You feel like writing your own Feature? Go and check out the 
> [OpenStudioLandscapes-Template](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Template).

## Install

Clone this repository into `OpenStudioLandscapes/.features` (assuming the current working directory to be the Git repository root `./OpenStudioLandscapes`):

```shell
git -C ./.features clone https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing.git
# Check out a specific branch with:
# List branches: 
# git -C ./.features/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing branch -a
# Checkout branch: 
# git -C ./.features/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing checkout <branch>
```

Install into OpenStudioLandscapes `venv` (`./OpenStudioLandscapes/.venv`):

```shell
source .venv/bin/activate
# python -m pip install --upgrade pip setuptools
# the following removes the `openstudiolandscapes` executable for now (will be fixed soon)
pip install -e "./.features/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing"
# so, re-install `OpenStudioLandscapes` engine:
pip install -e "."
```

For more info on `pip` see [VCS Support of `pip`](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/vcs-support/).

## Configure

OpenStudioLandscapes will search for a local config store. The default location is `~/.config/OpenStudioLandscapes/config-store/` but you can specify a different location if you need to.

A local config store location will be created if it doesn't exist, together with the `config.yml` files for each individual Feature.

> [!TIP]
> 
> The config store root will be initialized as a local Git
> controlled repository. This makes it easy to track changes
> you made to the `config.yml`.

> [!TIP]
> 
> To specify a config store location different than
> the default, you can do so be setting the environment variable
> `OPENSTUDIOLANDSCAPES__CONFIGSTORE_ROOT`:
> 
> ```shell
> OPENSTUDIOLANDSCAPES__CONFIGSTORE_ROOT="~/.config/OpenStudioLandscapes/my-custom-config-store"
> ```

The following settings are available in `OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing` and are based on [`OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing/tree/main/OpenStudioLandscapes/Syncthing/config/models.py`](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing/tree/main/OpenStudioLandscapes/Syncthing/config/models.py).

### Default Configuration


<details>
<summary><code>config.yml</code></summary>


```yaml
# ===
# env
# ---
#
# Type: typing.Dict
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# =============
# config_engine
# -------------
#
# Type: <class 'OpenStudioLandscapes.engine.config.models.ConfigEngine'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# =============
# config_parent
# -------------
#
# Type: <class 'OpenStudioLandscapes.engine.config.models.FeatureBaseModel'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# ============
# distribution
# ------------
#
# Type: <class 'importlib.metadata.Distribution'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# ==========
# group_name
# ----------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         True
#     Description:
#         Dagster Group name. This will represent the group node name. See https://docs.dagster.io/api/dagster/assets for more information
#     Default value:
#         PydanticUndefined
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
group_name: OpenStudioLandscapes_Syncthing


# ============
# key_prefixes
# ------------
#
# Type: typing.List[str]
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         True
#     Description:
#         Dagster Asset key prefixes. This will be reflected in the nesting (directory structure) of the Asset. See https://docs.dagster.io/api/dagster/assets for more information
#     Default value:
#         PydanticUndefined
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
key_prefixes:
- OpenStudioLandscapes_Syncthing


# =======
# enabled
# -------
#
# Type: <class 'bool'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         Whether the Feature is enabled or not.
#     Default value:
#         True
# Description:
#     Whether the Feature is enabled or not.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# =============
# compose_scope
# -------------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         default
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     ['default', 'license_server', 'worker']


# ============
# feature_name
# ------------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         True
#     Description:
#         The name of the feature. It is derived from the `OpenStudioLandscapes.<Feature>.dist` attribute.
#     Default value:
#         PydanticUndefined
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
feature_name: OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing


# ==============
# docker_compose
# --------------
#
# Type: <class 'pathlib.Path'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         The path to the `docker-compose.yml` file.
#     Default value:
#         {DOT_LANDSCAPES}/{LANDSCAPE}/{FEATURE}/docker_compose/docker-compose.yml
# Description:
#     The path to the `docker-compose.yml` file.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# ====================
# syncthing_config_dir
# --------------------
#
# Type: <class 'pathlib.Path'>
# Description:
#     The path to the `docker-compose.yml` file.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_config_dir: '{DOT_LANDSCAPES}/{LANDSCAPE}/{FEATURE}/data/syncthing'


# ===================
# syncthing_port_host
# -------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_port_host: 8787


# ========================
# syncthing_port_container
# ------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_port_container: 8384


# =======================
# syncthing_tcp_port_host
# -----------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing TCP host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_tcp_port_host: 22022


# ============================
# syncthing_tcp_port_container
# ----------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing TCP container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_tcp_port_container: 22000


# =======================
# syncthing_udp_port_host
# -----------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing UDP host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_udp_port_host: 22022


# ============================
# syncthing_udp_port_container
# ----------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing UDP container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_udp_port_container: 22000


# =============================
# syncthing_discovery_port_host
# -----------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing discovery host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_discovery_port_host: 22027


# ==================================
# syncthing_discovery_port_container
# ----------------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing discovery container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_discovery_port_container: 21027


# ===============
# syncthing_image
# ---------------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing Docker image.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_image: docker.io/syncthing/syncthing
```


</details>


***

***

# Community

| Feature                              | GitHub                                                                                                                                       | Discord                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| OpenStudioLandscapes                 | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes)                                 | [# openstudiolandscapes-general](https://discord.gg/F6bDRWsHac)         |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Ayon            | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Ayon](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Ayon)                       | [# openstudiolandscapes-ayon](https://discord.gg/gd6etWAF3v)            |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Dagster         | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Dagster](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Dagster)                 | [# openstudiolandscapes-dagster](https://discord.gg/jwB3DwmKvs)         |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco        | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco)               | [# openstudiolandscapes-flamenco](https://discord.gg/EPrX5fzBCf)        |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco-Worker | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco-Worker](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco-Worker) | [# openstudiolandscapes-flamenco-worker](https://discord.gg/Sa2zFqSc4p) |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Kitsu           | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Kitsu](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Kitsu)                     | [# openstudiolandscapes-kitsu](https://discord.gg/6cc6mkReJ7)           |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-RustDeskServer  | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-RustDeskServer](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-RustDeskServer)   | [# openstudiolandscapes-rustdeskserver](https://discord.gg/nJ8Ffd2xY3)  |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Template        | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Template](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Template)               | [# openstudiolandscapes-template](https://discord.gg/J59GYp3Wpy)        |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-VERT            | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-VERT](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-VERT)                       | [# openstudiolandscapes-twingate](https://discord.gg/FYaFRUwbYr)        |

To follow up on the previous LinkedIn publications, visit:

- [OpenStudioLandscapes on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/106731439/).
- [Search for tag #OpenStudioLandscapes on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=%23openstudiolandscapes).

***

Last changed: **2025-12-26 13:35:04 UTC**

Commit message:

47-refactor-to-config-based-landscapes: syncthing README.md

README.md, after:

[![ Logo OpenStudioLandscapes ](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes/raw/main/media/images/logo128.png)](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes)

***

1. [Feature: OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing](#feature-openstudiolandscapes-syncthing)
   1. [Brief](#brief)
   2. [Install](#install)
   3. [Configure](#configure)
      1. [Default Configuration](#default-configuration)
2. [External Resources](#external-resources)
   1. [Official Documentation](#official-documentation)
3. [Community](#community)

***

This `README.md` was dynamically created with [OpenStudioLandscapesUtil-ReadmeGenerator](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapesUtil-ReadmeGenerator).

***

# Feature: OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing

## Brief

This is an extension to the OpenStudioLandscapes ecosystem. The full documentation of OpenStudioLandscapes is available [here](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes).

> [!NOTE]
> 
> You feel like writing your own Feature? Go and check out the 
> [OpenStudioLandscapes-Template](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Template).

## Install

Clone this repository into `OpenStudioLandscapes/.features` (assuming the current working directory to be the Git repository root `./OpenStudioLandscapes`):

```shell
git -C ./.features clone https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing.git
# Check out a specific branch with:
# List branches: 
# git -C ./.features/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing branch -a
# Checkout branch: 
# git -C ./.features/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing checkout <branch>
```

Install into OpenStudioLandscapes `venv` (`./OpenStudioLandscapes/.venv`):

```shell
source .venv/bin/activate
# python -m pip install --upgrade pip setuptools
# the following removes the `openstudiolandscapes` executable for now (will be fixed soon)
pip install -e "./.features/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing"
# so, re-install `OpenStudioLandscapes` engine:
pip install -e "."
```

For more info on `pip` see [VCS Support of `pip`](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/vcs-support/).

## Configure

OpenStudioLandscapes will search for a local config store. The default location is `~/.config/OpenStudioLandscapes/config-store/` but you can specify a different location if you need to.

A local config store location will be created if it doesn't exist, together with the `config.yml` files for each individual Feature.

> [!TIP]
> 
> The config store root will be initialized as a local Git
> controlled repository. This makes it easy to track changes
> you made to the `config.yml`.

> [!TIP]
> 
> To specify a config store location different than
> the default, you can do so be setting the environment variable
> `OPENSTUDIOLANDSCAPES__CONFIGSTORE_ROOT`:
> 
> ```shell
> OPENSTUDIOLANDSCAPES__CONFIGSTORE_ROOT="~/.config/OpenStudioLandscapes/my-custom-config-store"
> ```

The following settings are available in `OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing` and are based on [`OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing/tree/main/OpenStudioLandscapes/Syncthing/config/models.py`](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing/tree/main/OpenStudioLandscapes/Syncthing/config/models.py).

### Default Configuration


<details>
<summary><code>config.yml</code></summary>


```yaml
# ===
# env
# ---
#
# Type: typing.Dict
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# =============
# config_engine
# -------------
#
# Type: <class 'OpenStudioLandscapes.engine.config.models.ConfigEngine'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# =============
# config_parent
# -------------
#
# Type: <class 'OpenStudioLandscapes.engine.config.models.FeatureBaseModel'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# ============
# distribution
# ------------
#
# Type: <class 'importlib.metadata.Distribution'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         None
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# ==========
# group_name
# ----------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         True
#     Description:
#         Dagster Group name. This will represent the group node name. See https://docs.dagster.io/api/dagster/assets for more information
#     Default value:
#         PydanticUndefined
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
group_name: OpenStudioLandscapes_Syncthing


# ============
# key_prefixes
# ------------
#
# Type: typing.List[str]
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         True
#     Description:
#         Dagster Asset key prefixes. This will be reflected in the nesting (directory structure) of the Asset. See https://docs.dagster.io/api/dagster/assets for more information
#     Default value:
#         PydanticUndefined
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
key_prefixes:
- OpenStudioLandscapes_Syncthing


# =======
# enabled
# -------
#
# Type: <class 'bool'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         Whether the Feature is enabled or not.
#     Default value:
#         True
# Description:
#     Whether the Feature is enabled or not.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# =============
# compose_scope
# -------------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         None
#     Default value:
#         default
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     ['default', 'license_server', 'worker']


# ============
# feature_name
# ------------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         True
#     Description:
#         The name of the feature. It is derived from the `OpenStudioLandscapes.<Feature>.dist` attribute.
#     Default value:
#         PydanticUndefined
# Description:
#     None
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
feature_name: OpenStudioLandscapes-Syncthing


# ==============
# docker_compose
# --------------
#
# Type: <class 'pathlib.Path'>
# Base Class Info:
#     Required:
#         False
#     Description:
#         The path to the `docker-compose.yml` file.
#     Default value:
#         {DOT_LANDSCAPES}/{LANDSCAPE}/{FEATURE}/docker_compose/docker-compose.yml
# Description:
#     The path to the `docker-compose.yml` file.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None


# ====================
# syncthing_config_dir
# --------------------
#
# Type: <class 'pathlib.Path'>
# Description:
#     The path to the `docker-compose.yml` file.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_config_dir: '{DOT_LANDSCAPES}/{LANDSCAPE}/{FEATURE}/data/syncthing'


# ===================
# syncthing_port_host
# -------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_port_host: 8787


# ========================
# syncthing_port_container
# ------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_port_container: 8384


# =======================
# syncthing_tcp_port_host
# -----------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing TCP host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_tcp_port_host: 22022


# ============================
# syncthing_tcp_port_container
# ----------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing TCP container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_tcp_port_container: 22000


# =======================
# syncthing_udp_port_host
# -----------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing UDP host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_udp_port_host: 22022


# ============================
# syncthing_udp_port_container
# ----------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing UDP container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_udp_port_container: 22000


# =============================
# syncthing_discovery_port_host
# -----------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing discovery host port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_discovery_port_host: 22027


# ==================================
# syncthing_discovery_port_container
# ----------------------------------
#
# Type: <class 'int'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing discovery container port.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_discovery_port_container: 21027


# ===============
# syncthing_image
# ---------------
#
# Type: <class 'str'>
# Description:
#     The Syncthing Docker image.
# Required:
#     False
# Examples:
#     None
syncthing_image: docker.io/syncthing/syncthing
```


</details>


***

# External Resources

[![Logo Syncthing ](https://syncthing.net/img/logo-horizontal.svg)](https://syncthing.net/)

Syncthing is a continuous file synchronization program. It synchronizes files between two or more computers in real time, safely protected from prying eyes. Your data is your data alone and you deserve to choose where it is stored, whether it is shared with some third party, and how it’s transmitted over the internet.

## Official Documentation

- [Website](https://syncthing.net/)
- [Docs](https://docs.syncthing.net/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing)

***

# Community

| Feature                              | GitHub                                                                                                                                       | Discord                                                                 |
| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| OpenStudioLandscapes                 | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes)                                 | [# openstudiolandscapes-general](https://discord.gg/F6bDRWsHac)         |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Ayon            | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Ayon](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Ayon)                       | [# openstudiolandscapes-ayon](https://discord.gg/gd6etWAF3v)            |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Dagster         | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Dagster](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Dagster)                 | [# openstudiolandscapes-dagster](https://discord.gg/jwB3DwmKvs)         |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco        | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco)               | [# openstudiolandscapes-flamenco](https://discord.gg/EPrX5fzBCf)        |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco-Worker | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco-Worker](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Flamenco-Worker) | [# openstudiolandscapes-flamenco-worker](https://discord.gg/Sa2zFqSc4p) |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Kitsu           | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Kitsu](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Kitsu)                     | [# openstudiolandscapes-kitsu](https://discord.gg/6cc6mkReJ7)           |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-RustDeskServer  | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-RustDeskServer](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-RustDeskServer)   | [# openstudiolandscapes-rustdeskserver](https://discord.gg/nJ8Ffd2xY3)  |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-Template        | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Template](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-Template)               | [# openstudiolandscapes-template](https://discord.gg/J59GYp3Wpy)        |
| OpenStudioLandscapes-VERT            | [https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-VERT](https://github.com/michimussato/OpenStudioLandscapes-VERT)                       | [# openstudiolandscapes-twingate](https://discord.gg/FYaFRUwbYr)        |

To follow up on the previous LinkedIn publications, visit:

- [OpenStudioLandscapes on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/106731439/).
- [Search for tag #OpenStudioLandscapes on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/all/?keywords=%23openstudiolandscapes).

***

Last changed: **2025-12-28 10:53:55 UTC**
